---
layout: layouts/post.njk
title: Kimi ni Todoke S1E9 - New Friend
date: 2026-01-18
---

This episode begins with a soccer scrimmage. Sawako is able to kick the soccer ball really far using a technique that Kazehaya showed her. Sawako later watches Kazehaya in a soccer scrimmage. She blushes while watching him. Sawako is the first to head back to the classroom after the soccer practice. She is alone in the classroom when Ume goes to the classroom and asks for Kazehaya. Sawako tells Ume that the boys are still practicing outside for the Sports Festival. Sawako is captivated by Ume's beauty and how Ume talks to her just like any other girl. Sawako thinks that Ume is a nice person. Sawako compares Ume to Kazehaya because of her kindness. Sawako thanks Ume for helping her pick up handouts that Sawako dropped in the hallway. Ume says that no thanks are necessary because it was a normal reaction. Sawako thinks that Ume is charming, gentle, and feminine. Sawako thinks to herself that the girl she wants to become is standing right in front of her. Sawako and Ume are looking at each other. Sawako in her mind thinks that Ume looks like a doll. Ume says out loud that Sawako looks like a doll. This happens at the same time so Sawako wonders if she said what she was thinking out loud. Ume calls Sawako by her given name. Sawako is surprised that Ume knows her name and that she said that Sawako looks like a doll. Ume tells Sawako that Ume first thought that Sawako looked like a doll when she helped her pick up the dropped handouts. Sawako can't believe that Ume thinks that Sawako looks like a doll. A group of Ume's classmates call her over because if they don't go to the field now, they will be late for practice. Ume tells Sawako that she will come back later and leaves. Sawako pinches herself to check if she is dreaming. As Ume is walking away, she thinks to herself that Sawako looks like a cursed doll. Ume is being friendly to Sawako in person, but she is pretending.

Sawako happy and in a daydream-like state because no one has ever said such a sweet thing to her before. Yoshida and Yano walk into the classroom. Yoshida asks Sawako if something unusual happened. Yano says that it is obvious that she is checked out. Sawako tells them that someone gave her something like a compliment. Yoshida and Yano asked what they said to Sawako. Sawako tells them that someone said that Sawako looks like a doll. Yoshida and Yano are horrified because they realize that Sawako looks like an Osawa Doll and that it wasn't a compliment. Yoshida whispers to Yano if that was something nice to say. Yano whispers back that no it wasn't nice and that she doubts it was meant as a compliment.

Kazehaya walks into the classroom. Sawako notices that Kazehaya looks different today because he isn't wearing his vest. Kazehaya asks Yoshida how the girl's soccer team is looking. Yoshida replies that girl's soccer team is looking not bad, in part because Sawako's skill set evolved. Kazehaya tells Sawako, "Way to go!" Sawako is flustered by Kazehaya's compliment. Sawako remembers that Ume stopped by to see Kazehaya. Sawako tells Kazehaya that Ume stopped by a minute ago to see him. Kazehaya asks Sawako if she remembers if it was about the Sports Festival Committee. Sawako realized that Ume is a committee member along with Kazehaya. Yoshida asks Sawako, "Hold up. You met Kurumi?" Kurumi is Ume's nickname. Sawako says, "That's correct, Yoshida-san." Yoshida rebukes her for calling her "Yoshida-san" because Yoshida wants Sawako to stop speaking formally because they're friends. Sawako then calls Yoshida, Chizu-chan. Yano tells Yoshida that, to be fair, they are both still calling Sawako by her nickname Sadako. Sawako asks Yoshida and Yano that isn't it tough to suddenly call someone by a completely different name? Yoshida says, "Well, yeah! Obviously, Sadako!" Yano then says, "I guess... we don't really have to force it." Sawako then thinks to herself if she should call Ume by her given name because Ume called Sawako by her given name. Yoshida asks Ryu if he memorized Sawako's full name. Ryu says, "Kuroyama Takako." Yoshida says that he is so close. Yano says that she'll admit it was a decent attempt for him. Sawako tells Ryu, "I am Kuronuma. Pleased to meet you." Yano then thinks of a way to tease Kazehaya. Yano asks Kazehaya to demonstrate to Ryu the proper name to call Sawako. Kazehaya says, "Kuronuma Sawako." Yano then tells Kazehaya to try calling Sawako by her given name only. Kazehaya is flustered and asks why. Yano tells Kazehaya that it's just for practice. Yano says, "For Sawako's sake, who's not accustomed to calling or being called by given name." With a sinister look, Yano then goes on to say, "Just practice, for sweet little Sawako's sake." Both Kazehaya and Sawako are flustered at this point. Sawako's heartbeat quickens. Kazehaya tries to call Sawako by her given name but is unable to. Kazehaya says, "How can I!?" Yano says, "Of course you can't. I'm just playing, of course." Sawako holds her hand to her chest and thinks, "I... I was nervous. That made my heart skip. M-My heart..." Sawako has been nervous since the other day when Kazehaya helped her practice kicking a soccer ball.

Later, Sawako is seen carrying a stack of handouts in the hallway. She overhears a couple talking about how Kazehaya and Ume are talking to each other. The boyfriend asks his girlfriend if she agrees that Ume is cute. The girlfriend tells her boyfriend to not call Ume cute and that he wouldn't be a good match with her. The boyfriend asks why. The girlfriend says, "Just look. Aren't they a really cute couple?" The boyfriend then acquiesces and says, "I suppose they look good together." Ume tells Kazehaya that she wants to borrow something from him too. Kazehaya remembers about the CD and tells Ume that he forgot to bring it. Ume says, "Jeez. I asked for it just the other day." Kazehaya tells Ume that he will bring it tomorrow. Sawako thinks if she should accept Ume as her role model. Sawako notices how Ume's hair is fluffy, bouncy, and silky.

Sawako asks Yoshda and Yano if she would look good with permed hair. Yano asks Sawako why she has her current hairstyle. Sawako says that she figured straight and long hair would seem more feminine. Sawako likes girly things. Yoshida and Yano imagine Sawako with different hairstyles but each combination doesn't look good. Yano tells Sawako that her current hairstyle suits her best. Yoshida is curious and asks Sawako if she always had that hairstyle. Sawako tells Yoshida that she has. Yano asks Sawako why she wanted to change her hairstyle all of a sudden. Sawako says, "I thought it'd be cute if it was lighter and more bouncy." Yano asks Sawako if she wants to look cute. Sawako says yes, but not because someone said that she looks like a doll. Sawako, talking about the compliment, says, "I-I-It made my heart flutter, but I'm not vain or anything." Sawako tells Yoshida and Yano that she wants to practice soccer after school. They suggest that if she wants a soccer ball, that she should ask Pin. Later, Sawako is standing near the lockers after school. Sawako thinks that she wishes she was like Ume because Ume is so cute. Sawako wishes that she had many of the things that Ume has so Sawako decided that she wanted to be cute as well. Sawako couldn't resist such an urge. Sawako knows that she will never look like her, but maybe she could look just a little cute in her own way.

Hirano and Endo then talk to Sawako near the lockers. Sawako greets them with honorifics. They say to Sawako that she should refer to them as Ekko and Tomo. Hirano and Endo ask Sawako if she is going to practice on her own. Sawako says yes and that Yoshida and Yano went to borrow a soccer ball. Sawako is waiting for them to return. Hirano and Endo wonder why Yano is helping because she is on the volleyball team. Sawako says that Yoshida and Yano told them that three is better than two, so Yano will help also. Hirano says that they should all try their best at the sports festival. Hirano and Endo then say goodbye to Sawako and walk away.

A male student walks up to Kazehaya and starts talking to him. Sawako peeks past the lockers to look. Sawako thinks that Kazehaya is so popular and that he's having fun. The male student tells Kazehaya that he wasn't there yesterday. Kazehaya says that he was in a committee meeting. The male student asks Kazehaya if anyone from their middle school is on the committee. Kazehaya says that Ume is on the committee while using Ume's given name. Kazehaya using Ume's given name shocks Sawako. This is the first time that Sawako heard Kazehaya call a girl by her given name. Sawako thinks, "He says her name so naturally. They must be really close." Sawako then questions the feeling she was having. Sawako wonders if Kazehaya has anyone that he sees as special. Sawako thinks, "Does calling someone by their given name make them special? M-My heart aches." Kazehaya then walks by the locker and notices Sawako. Kazehaya starts a conversation with Sawako by asking her if she's practicing again. Sawako's heartbeat quickens just by looking at Kazehaya's face. Sawako thinks, "Does he really make my heart ache?" Kazehaya then starts trying to call Sawako by her given name but they are interrupted by Ume. Sawako wonders if Kazehaya was trying to say something before Ume called out. Ume says, "What're you two doing here? Lemme join in." Kazehaya is flustered and says, "Well, it's... nothing, really." Ume then says, "What's that? How strange." Sawako thinks, "Oh, I see. It wasn't. It wasn't anything. Of course. Am I... worrying too much about everything? Am I... thinking about him too much?" Ume notices that Sawko is sweating and drys her face with a handkerchief. Sawako thinks that Ume is a genuinely good person and tells Ume thank you. Sawako thinks, "I... may have just become her fan." Kazehaya thinks, "Oh... They became friends before I knew it, huh?" Kazehaya asks Ume, "That's right, were you looking for me?" Ume says, "Not really. I wanted to talk with Sawako-chan." Meanwhile, Sawako thinks, "An idol and her fan." Ume then asks Sawako, "We are friends, right, Sawako-chan?" Sawako then says, "Yes, I'm your fa..." Realizing that Ume just called her a friend, Sawko thinks, "Frie--!?" Ume then grabs both of Sawako's hands with her hands, looks into Sawako's eyes and asks, "We're friends, right?" Sawako has a shocked look on her face while Ume is smiling. Yoshida and Yano return with two soccer balls and confused expressions on their faces because of the situation.

Ume befriends Sawako while having hidden intentions. Sawako has a high opinion of Ume. However, Ume is pretending to be nice to Sawako. Yoshida and Yano may be realizing that Ume is behind the compliment. Yoshida and Yano are aware of the real meaning behind the compliment that Sawako received so they are suspicious of Ume's behavior. If Ume gave Sawako the compliment, Yoshida and Yano know not to trust Ume.
