---
layout: layouts/post.njk
title: Kimi ni Todoke S1E7 - Saturday Night
date: 2026-01-14
---

Sawako, Yoshida, and Yano attempt to go to the ramen restaurant, however they realize that it is closed when they arrive. They go to a coffee shop instead. Sawako is shown at home the next day on Saturday. Sawako is cooking for her family. Sawako's mother remarks that she can relax on Saturdays because Sawako takes care of the cooking. The phone rings and Sawako's mother picks up the phone. On the other end of the line, Yoshida explains that she is Sawako's friend. Sawako's mother is happy to hear that a friend is calling Sawako. Sawako's mother passes the phone to Sawako. Yoshida asks if Sawako can go with them to the ramen restaurant. Sawako asks for permission to go with her friends. Sawako's mother and father and ecstatic for Sawako being invited to eat with friends. Sawako's parents give permission for Sawako to go eat ramen and Sawako's mother says that she will finish cooking.

Sawako, Yoshida, and Yano head to the ramen restaurant. On the way to the restaurant, when Yoshida and Yano ask for Sawako's phone number, Sawako explains that she doesn't have a cellphone because she didn't have a reason to need one in the past. Ryu's parents own the ramen restaurant and Ryu works there as a server. Sawako, Yoshida, and Yano eat their bowls of ramen. Afterwards, Sawako, Yoshida, and Yano go upstairs to Ryu's bedroom. Yano receives a phone call from her boyfriend. Yano explains that she cannot hang out because she is with friends. Yano's boyfriend asks Yoshida and Sawako to speak to prove that they are female friends. A short while afterwards, Ryu goes up to his bedroom. Sawako thinks to herself that Ryu and Yoshida are really close. Sawako asks Ryu and Yoshida if they are dating. Yoshida fiercely denies it while Ryu doesn't say anything. After Yano's prompting, Ryu says that he and Yoshida are like brothers. Yoshida argues with Ryu over who is the older brother. Sawako, Yoshida, Yano, and Ryu hang out in Ryu's room. They open up an old yearbook from middle school. Ryu, Yoshida, and Kazehaya went to the same middle school. Sawako learns that Kazehaya played baseball in middle school. Yano tells Ryu that it isn't fair for him to have a group of girls in his bedroom, so they will call Kazehaya to invite him. Sawako learns that Ume also attended Kazehaya's middle school. Ryu is asked if he likes Ume. Ryu responds that he doesn't like Ume. Ryu is asked if he likes Sawako. After some thought, Ryu says that he likes Sawako. Sawako, interpreting Ryu liking her in a platonic way, tells Ryu that she likes him too. Yoshida and Yano wonder if Sawako likes Ryu in a romantic way, but they realize that it is in a platonic way. The girls ask Sawako if she likes Kazehaya, and Sawako says that she really likes Kazehaya. Yoshida and Yano realize that Sawako likes Kazehaya in a romantic sense, but she doesn't understand her emotions because she is innocent. Yoshida begins to tease her about Kazehaya but Yano stops her.

Yano asks Sawako to call from Ryu's cellphone and invite Kazehaya over. Yoshida and Yano think it will be funny for Kazehaya to receive a phone call from Ryu's cellphone, yet hear Sawako's voice. Sawako hesitates but she makes the phone call. After Kazehaya hears Sawako's voice, he is surprised. This surprise causes Yoshida and Yano to laugh. Sawako explains that she is hanging out with Yoshida, Yano, and Ryu at Ryu's bedroom above Ryu's family's ramen restaurant. Sawako says that she is having fun with everyone, and that it will be even more fun with Kazehaya there. Kazehaya goes to the restaurant on his bicycle. Kazehaya spends time with Sawako, Yoshida, and Ryu. Yano calls Sawako to sit between her and Yoshida. Yano does this to tease Kazehaya to make him jealous. Yano is amused by Kazehaya's jealousy. Their laughter attracts the attention of Pin, who is at the restaurant eating a bowl of ramen. Pin demands everyone to leave because it is past 9:00 p.m. at night. Kazehaya offers to walk with Sawako by saying that he is also going that way because he is heading to a convenience store. Yoshida and Yano tease Kazehaya by saying that he is a gentleman. They realize that Kazehaya wants to spend alone time with Sawako. Yano and Pin leave together, though they aren't happy about it. Yoshida and Ryu are left alone in front of the restaurant. Ryu explains to Yoshida that he knows that Yoshida invited Sawako over to show him that the girls have reconciled.

I really enjoyed watching this episode. There wasn't any drama, and everything went okay with everyone.
