---
layout: layouts/post.njk
title: Kimi ni Todoke S1E11 - Special?
date: 2026-01-25
---

This episode continues with Ume telling Sawako that she likes Kazehaya. Surprised, Sawako asks, "Kazehaya-kun?" Sawako then thinks, "Does that mean... Wait... Are they... going to date? Will Kazehaya-kun... have someone special? Am I... going to help that happen?" Ume then thanks Sawako for helping her by saying, "Thank you, Sawako-chan. You don't know how happy this makes me! Thank you so much! I'll see you tomorrow, okay?" Ume then turns to leave but Sawako stops her by grabbing Ume's left arm. Sawako tells Ume, "Sorry. I can't help you. I don't think... I can help." Annoyed, Ume pulls her arm away. Ume then says, "So you think... Kazehaya and I wouldn't make a good couple?" Sawako replies, "No, that's not what..." Ume interupts Sawako by saying, "Then, I... I want you to support me, Sawako-chan. You're the only person I've ever confided in. Unless... you think someone else would be a better match for him." Sawako thinks, "Kurumi-chan." Sawako replies, "No, you two are perfectly compatible." Excited at Sawako's words, Ume replies, "Sawako-chan, then..." Sawako interupts Ume by saying, "But... because I... can't support you from the bottom of my heart, I can't help you. Kazehaya-kun seems to be someone special to me. I'm sorry that I can't... be of any help." Sawako then thinks, "It means a lot that she only told me her secret. Isn't there anything else I can help with? She probably has the same feelings I do. Kazehaya-kun is someone special to her." Sawako says, "I can't support you this time... but still, I understand your feelings. So, I could just listen to you..." Ume then says, "God, so annoying." Sawako become's confused at Ume's words. Ume continues by saying, "Just back down already. You're supposed to realize you'd never stand a chance... and give up." Scared, Sawako thinks, "I hear some voice coming from her direction." Sawako looks behind Ume and thinks, "Is there someone hiding behind her?" Ume angrily asks, "What'd you say? You understand my feelings!? What's that mean!? Sawako-chan, do you want to date him?" Sawako replies, "N-N-No way! How would that even be possible?" Ume then asks, "He's special to you? Why!?" Sawako begins to reply by saying, "W-Well." Ume interrupts and asks, "Because he's nice to you? He paid attention to you? He's been friendly with you?" Sawako answers, "M-Maybe?" Ume then says, "He's volunteering out of pity! It doesn't have to be Kazehaya, so long as someone's nice to you, right!?" Ume's words shock Sawako. Sawako says, "K-Kurumi-chan..." Ume then says, "You're being unfair, Sawako-chan. Because you're depressing and no one wants to talk to you... he automatically gives you some attention. Someone like me, a cute and popular girl, has no choice but to try really hard!" Ume then runs away. Sawako calls after her by saying, "Oh, K-Kurumi-chan!" Sawako then thinks, "P-Popular girls... have their own problems. And I was... benefiting from being unpopular?"

Sawako is then at home with her family watching a movie on the television. An actress says, "Shut up! Don't take advantage of the fact that he thinks you're cute!" Another actress responds, "No, I was just..." The first actress continues by saying, "Y'know, don't act all snobby just because you're popular!" Entertained, Sawako's mother says, "She's finished." Sawako, seeing the movie, then thinks, "That sounds similar to what Kurumi-chan said." Sawako ponders what Ume said while putting away clothes in her drawer dresser. Sawako thinks, "What she said is right... He's kind to me and I enjoyed it too much... Is that true? What if someone other than Kazehaya-kun... were nice to me? Would I have the same feelings?"

Sawako is then shown at school. Pin says to the classroom, "All right, you mangy curs. Today's the long-awaited throwdown. The Sports Festival! Everyone, desperately seek victory! That's all. Get outta here!" The class then replies with, "Yes." The scene transitions to the soccer field. Yoshida is standing with her red t-shirt. Yoshida says, "Check it out! How's my red t-shirt? Will I stand out?" One girl replies, "You will!" Another girl replies, "You look tough!" A third girl says, "You're stupidity will stand out, too." Yoshida then says, "Really? You're flattering me!" Yano is helping Sawako with her hair. Sawako says, "Yoshida-san, you look like royalty in red!" Yano says, "Chizu seems as happy as ever." A male student says, "The girl's soccer match is before ours." Kazehaya replies, "Let's cheer them on. Okay?" Another male student enthusiastically replies, "Yes!" Yoshida tells the male students, "I like how that sounds, but don't act like hooligans, okay?" Kazehaya responds, "We'll be respectable supporters." Another male student says, "Count on us!" Yoshida then says, "Sounds fishy," which causes the male students to laugh. Yano finishes putting Sawako's hair in a bun and says, "Great, all done." Sawako tells Yano, "Th-Thank you." Yoshida tells Sawako, "Whoa, lookin' cute." Sawako asks, "R-Really?" Another girl tells Sawako, "It suits you." Another girl agrees by saying, "Sure does." Kazehaya walks up to Sawako, fist bumps the palm of Sawako's right hand, and says "G'luck!" Sawako thinks, "I'll do my best." A male student says, "Oh, the 'zashiki warashi effect,' right?" The male student then also fist bumps the palm of Sawako's right hand. A group of male students and female students then make a line to fist bump the palm of Sawako's hand. Yoshida tells Sawako, "You're their Lady Luck. Sadako, congrats for your promotion from 'ghost.'" Sawako, with tears in her eyes thinks, "I feel like a member of this class. The Kazehaya-kun effect." Sawako looks at Kazehaya and he smiles. Sawako thinks, "Did my feelings toward him form... just because he helps me all the time? Is it... nothing special?"

The following scene shows the girl's soccer team playing in their soccer game with another class. The score is three to two with Sawako's team in the lead. The male students from Sawako's class are sitting on the ground watching the game. A male student asks, "Can they keep their lead? Will the girls win?" Another male student says, "Of course. Our Red Nemesis has already achieved a hat trick." Yoshida is then shown confidently running down the field. A female student says, "Chizu-chan, you're amazing!" Yano asks, "Does she want the world's attention?" A male studnet asks, "Wait, is Sadako absent?" Kazehaya replies, "No, she's there. Right, Ryu?" Ryu says, "Yep." Another male student says, "Whoa, I saw her for a split-second. Oops, she's already gone again." Another male student asks, "Teleportation?" Another male student says, "Anyway, it feels like Sadako's really become a part of our class's social circle." A male student agrees and says, "Yeah, that's true. I feel like ever since she became friends with Yano and Yoshida, she's more sociable, too."

A player from the opposing team kicks the ball down the field. Yoshida says, "Crap, no one's there to get the ball!" Sawako moves in a flash to intercept the ball. Sawako stops the ball with her foot like how Kazehaya showed her. The entire class says in unison, "Sadako!?" Sawako says, "O-One, two!" Sawako then kicks the ball down the field. Kazehaya stand up and says, "She kicked it! She did it!" Sawako thinks, "I... I was able to do it!" Sawako then realizes that when she kicked the ball, her right shoe came off. Ume is walking on the side of the soccer field when Sawako's shoe lands on Ume's head. Right before the shoe lands on her head, Ume says to Kazehaya, "Kazehaya!" Yoshida recovers Sawako's pass and says, "Right on! I'll finish this!" Yoshida then scores a goal. The entire class stands and cheers. Sawako's team won the soccer game. Yoshida says, "Woo-hoo! We won! We did it, Sadako! We're the champs!" Yoshida then runs to hug Sawako. A group forms between the female soccer players and the male and female students who watched the game. Sawako thinks, "I'm glad. I've never celebrated something with so many people before." Kazehaya says to Sawako, "Kuronuma," and holds up his hand for a high-five. Sawako gives Kazehaya a high-five. Kazehaya then tells Sawako, "Your self-training bore fruit!" Yoshida yells, "Viva self-training!" The whole class laughs. Ume pulls down Sawako's shoe from her head.

A male student tells Kazehaya, "Kazehaya, we're moving to the field to have a strategy meeting." Kazehaya replies, "Okay!" Yoshida asks, "Oh, going to prepare for some match?" Kazehaya answers, "Yep, softball." Yoshida then says to Ryu, "You better not strike out, man! Give it all you've got!" Sawako tells Kazehaya, "G-Good luck!" Kazehaya says, "Yeah, we'll win." Yano walks up to Sawako and says, "Congrats, Sadako." Sawako says, "Yeah..." Yoshida asks Yano, "Yano-chin? What about me!? The hero made quite a spectacle." Yano says, "You stood out... and wore red." Yoshida says, "Really!?" Yano then says, "All right, let's get moving. We should practice some volleyball." Yoshida says, "Oh yeah. The final training session before the game. We've still got over an hour. Sadako, what do you want to do?" Sawako answers, "Oh, I need to get my shoe back before anything else." Yano asks, "Where'd you lose that!?" Sawako replies, "You see, I had too much momentum, and..." Yoshida says, "Okay, you may go find your shoe. Then come see us practice." Yano interrupts Yoshida by saying, "Nah. Sawako should cheer the softball team on. We won't be able to see the boys play softball." Yano places her right hand on Sawako's left shoulder and says, "Go and cheer them on for the three of us." Sawako says, "Sure." Yoshida says, "Gotcha. See you later, then." Sawako says, "I'll cheer you on during the volleyball game! Do your best!" Yoshida replies, "Sure, we will!" Yano with a knowing look tells Sawako, "Sawako. Don't lose your game, either." Sawako nods her head but then is confused. Sawako thinks, "Um, a cheering competition?" Yoshida asks Yano, "What was the 'your game' about? We won our soccer match, right?" Yano tells Yoshida, "Don't worry about it."

Ume, with an angry look on her face, walks up to Sawako while holding Sawako's shoe. Sawako says, "Kurumi-chan. Kurumi-chan, did you pick up my shoe for me? Y-You're such a nice person." A male student tells his friend, "Hey, Kurumi-chan just helped Sadako get her shoe back." The friend replies, "She's such a sweet girl." Ume, handing Sawako's shoe to her, tells Sawako, "Here, Sawako-chan." Sawako tells Ume, "Th-Th-Thank you." A male student says, "She's so sweet." Another male student says, "The most angelic girl ever." Sawako says, "Well." Ume turns and walks away while saying, "Bye." Sawako continues, "Well, yesterday, I... I think I acted a bit too conceited. I'm sorry. Kurumi-chan." Ume says, "Kurumi-chan? Don't call me that anymore." Sawako then says, "U... Ume-chan." Annoyed, Ume says, "Sawako-chan... I've added your name to my 'Morons Who Call Me Ume' diary. It'll be there forever. Keep that in mind." Touched that Ume wrote about her in a diary, Sawako thinks, "She finally mentioned me in her personal diary!" Sawako then shyly asks, "Are you sure I deserve that?" Ume then says, "What kind of reaction is that? I'm leaving now." Sawako calls out to Ume and says, "Wait, Ume-chan." Ume says, "Don't call me 'Ume'!" Sawako asks, "Wh-What should I say?" Ume says, "Ume is... it's like... the only... complex I have." Sawako says, "It's cute, though." Ume replies, "How!? It's such an old-haggy name my old hag grandma gave me! It doesn't match me!" Sawako says, "Old-haggy? I think it's cute." Ume says, "No it's not!" Sawako says, "It's better than Sadako..." Ume says, "You're Sawako! That's a good name." Sawako thinks, "That's right, she's always called me 'Sawako-chan.'" Sawako then says, "Well, if you'd like, do you want to walk to the softball field together?" Ume asks, "What? Why would I?" Sawako says, "A game's starting. Kazehaya-kun will be in it. Let's watch." Ume says, "Are you kidding? Of course I'll go." Sawako and Ume are then shown sitting and waiting for the softball game to start. Sawako thinks, "Her image changed a little, but... she's still very cute." Ume whispers to Sawako, "So... Why do I have to watch this with you?" Sawako asks, "Why are you whispering?" Ume then says, "Hush. There are a lot of people around us right now." The boy's softball team have noticed Ume and Sawako. A male softball player says, "Oh, Kurumi-chan's watching us!" Two male softball players say to Ume, "Hey! Ku-ru-mi-chan!" Ume waves to them. Ume tells Sawako, "Whenever I talk to you, I get so relaxed and casual that I spit out my true feelings." Sawako thinks, "Her image definitely changed. She came to vent her honest feelings with me."

The boy's softball team walks onto the field. Kazehaya sees Sawako then smiles and waves at her. Ume claims the smile and wave for herself by saying, "Wow! He waved at me. Right?" Sawako thinks, "I-I see, that was meant for Kurumi-chan. Of course." The players on the boy's softball team are excited that Ume will watch their game. One player says, "Check out our female audience. Hey, the hottie sitting next to Sadako--who is she?" A player answers, "Kurumi-chan." Another player says, "She's so cute, isn't she? "Another player says, "Well, speaking of Sadako, did you see their soccer game? If you take a real close look, she's actually... Super swift. I was impressed!" Kazehaya thinks, "They're... really complimenting her. I'm glad, of course." Ryu says, "First of all, Sadako's not her real name, right?" A player asks, "It's Sadako, right? Kuronuma Sadaoko?" Ryu says, "No. The other day, Chizuru forced me to memorize her name. Yeah, the first syllable is 'Sa,' so... It's something that sounds like 'sour cream.' Sore worker... Sawako." Kazehaya is shocked that Ryu remembers Sawako's name. I don't know if he is jealous or insecure. Ryu is starting to seem like a love rival to Kazehaya. Ryu says, "Grimuma Sawako." A player says, "No, I don't think so." Ryu then says, "Um Gloomuma?" Another player says, "Wait, no. Kuronuma." Kazehaya then stops the conversation about Sawako by saying, "Let's play catch until the game starts." Ryu says, "Oh yeah. That's right. Shota, you'll partner with me, right?" Kazehaya says, "Sure." Ryu walks away from Kazehaya, towards Sawako and Ume. Kazehaya replays Ryu saying Sawako's name in his mind. Sawako says to Ume, "I... locked up the word 'special' in the dictionary." Ume replies, "What? The dictionary?" Sawako says, "'The state where you treat someone or something different from others.' Or something similar. A dictionary is quite the tool. I feel like I'm having a conversation with it." Ume asks, "What's your deal, seriously?" Sawako says, "Well, I don't know what to say... It's kind of profound to me. The bottom line is, I thought Kazehaya-kun was such an existence to me. He definitely helped me whenever I needed it. In fact, he's the only boy... who's given me help. I have nothing to compare him to." Ume says, "You know, the real reason there's no comparison... is because you haven't really talked to any other guys. Why not talk with other boys? There should be someone, like maybe they sit nearby in class." Sawako says, "Kazehaya-kun." Ume then says, "I said other guys!" Sawako asks, "Others?" Ume says, "Maybe sitting behind you, in front of you, or... y'know?" Sawako says, "Behind me... Sanada-kun? I talked to him a little bit." Ume asks, "Sanada?" A male baseball player says, "All right, suck on this! Divine Ball: Jo Special!" The baseball player then throws the ball to his catch partner. His catch partner says, "Wai..." The ball travels past the catch partner and is headed right for Sawako's face. Kazehaya yells, "Watch out!" Ryun stretches out his arm and catches the ball before it hits Sawako in the face. Sawako is impressed by Ryu saving her. A softball player says, "Ryu! Nice catch!" Ryu says, "Divine Balls are banned." The player who threw the ball says, "Sorry." Startled, Sawako tells Ume, "That was a shock." Ume says, "He saved you." Sawako replies, "O-Oh, no. I was speechless and forgot to thank him." Ume says, "That's right. You should tell him you're grateful. Why not talk with Sanada some more? Yeah, just the two of you... in private." Kazehaya looks at Ryu with a shocked expression on his face.
